c:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\DragonDrop2\obj\Debug\DragonDrop2.dll
c:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\DragonDrop2\bin\DragonDrop2.dll
c:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\DragonDrop2\bin\DragonDrop2.pdb
c:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\DragonDrop2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\DragonDrop2\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\DragonDrop2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\DragonDrop2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\DragonDrop2\bin\SimpleCrypto.dll
c:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\DragonDrop2\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\DragonDrop2\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\DragonDrop2\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\DragonDrop2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\DragonDrop2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\DragonDrop2\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\DragonDrop2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\DragonDrop2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\DragonDrop2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\DragonDrop2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\DragonDrop2\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\DragonDrop2\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\DragonDrop2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\DragonDrop2\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\DragonDrop2\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\DragonDrop2\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\DragonDrop2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\DragonDrop2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\DragonDrop2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\DragonDrop2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\DragonDrop2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\DragonDrop2\obj\Debug\DragonDrop2.pdb
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\BankStats\bin\DragonDrop2.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\BankStats\bin\DragonDrop2.pdb
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\BankStats\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\BankStats\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\BankStats\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\BankStats\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\BankStats\bin\SimpleCrypto.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\BankStats\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\BankStats\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\BankStats\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\BankStats\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\BankStats\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\BankStats\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\BankStats\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\BankStats\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\BankStats\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\BankStats\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\BankStats\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\BankStats\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\BankStats\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\BankStats\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\BankStats\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\BankStats\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\BankStats\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\BankStats\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\BankStats\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\BankStats\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\BankStats\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\BankStats\obj\Debug\BankStats.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\BankStats\obj\Debug\DragonDrop2.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\BankStats\obj\Debug\DragonDrop2.pdb
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\BankStats\bin\FileHelpers.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\BankStats\bin\FileHelpers.ExcelStorage.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\BankStats\bin\FileHelpers.xml
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DragonDrop2\BankStats\bin\FileHelpers.ExcelStorage.xml
